sports/golf/mental-game/Fred Gonzalez/The Art of Mental Training/README.md, before:

# On Goals
When an athlete complains of lacking motivation, you can be sure that it's almost always caused by goals that fail to inspire him to action. Goals serve to keep you on target.

While setting your own, priavte goals, be sure that they are both challenging and realistic. Slightly out-of -reach goals are best: inspiring hard work, yet still attainable with dedicated effort. Goals need to be set neither too hight nor too easy and low - which would defeat their very purpose. Goals should be written down and reviewed frequently. Goals shoud come in the forms of daily goals, monthly goals and annual goals, and remember that what you are striving for is progress rather than perfection. Beleive me, as you begin to focus on meaningful, specific goals, the power of your hidden reserves will be unleashed and good things will begin to happen.

Ask yourself what you want to accomplish over the next two or three years. Make these your long-term goals. Give them a completion date. Than think of at least three things that you want to achieve within the next year. Make these your short-term goals. Then decide what it is that you can do every month to help you accomplish your short-term goals. Write these down. These are you monthly goals. Give them a completion date too. Set daily goals, that help you achieve monthly goals, that help you achieve your short-term goals, which in turn help you achieve your long-term goals.

Take action. Everything you need is inside of you, inside your very dreams. Goal represents your dreams along a timeline, showing you the steps needed to achieve your success.

Commit message:

update The art of mental training

sports/golf/mental-game/Fred Gonzalez/The Art of Mental Training/README.md, after:

# The Art of Mental Training

Whatever is going on inside your head has everything to do with how well you end up performing.

No matter what your game is, or what the challenge is, the difference between great performances and average performances is mostly mental.

## On Attitude

Good attitue, a positive attitude creates optimism, positive energy. Working on keeping a positive attitude is what will help you work through bad patch. A positive attitude helps create the opportunity for a great comeback or for a greate performance. A positive attitude never works against you. But a negative attitude will always find a way to work against you.

Never beat yourself up after a loss - there is always something positive to be gained, something to be learned, even from a negative situation.

Mental control starts with a decision.

The Champion understands that a bad attitude can cost him everything. It affects not only how you feel, but also how you perform.

## Gaining the Mental Edge

One must consistently practice mental skills and pre-game routines in order to tap one's full potential.

# Learning to fly

Don't rush when the pressure is on - smooth is fast. Breath, pause, and learn to gather yourself. But never, ever, allow yourself to rush your game.
Stay task-focused. Interrupt negative self-talk and images the moment they arise, shut them down on the spot. Replace them with positive self-talk and positive images. Concentrate on showing your brain exactly what it is that you want to achieve, never dwell on what you do not want to happen.

# On Goals
When an athlete complains of lacking motivation, you can be sure that it's almost always caused by goals that fail to inspire him to action. Goals serve to keep you on target.

While setting your own, priavte goals, be sure that they are both challenging and realistic. Slightly out-of -reach goals are best: inspiring hard work, yet still attainable with dedicated effort. Goals need to be set neither too hight nor too easy and low - which would defeat their very purpose. Goals should be written down and reviewed frequently. Goals shoud come in the forms of daily goals, monthly goals and annual goals, and remember that what you are striving for is progress rather than perfection. Beleive me, as you begin to focus on meaningful, specific goals, the power of your hidden reserves will be unleashed and good things will begin to happen.

Ask yourself what you want to accomplish over the next two or three years. Make these your long-term goals. Give them a completion date. Than think of at least three things that you want to achieve within the next year. Make these your short-term goals. Then decide what it is that you can do every month to help you accomplish your short-term goals. Write these down. These are you monthly goals. Give them a completion date too. Set daily goals, that help you achieve monthly goals, that help you achieve your short-term goals, which in turn help you achieve your long-term goals.

Take action. Everything you need is inside of you, inside your very dreams. Goal represents your dreams along a timeline, showing you the steps needed to achieve your success.
